As a result of the covid-19 pandemic, a lot of companies around the world transitioned into a remote-work structure for their employees. This led to 'always on' mentality being much more widespread and expected of employees. In its basic definition, 'always on' simply means that a worker in a company is available (or can make themselves available) even outside of their designated work hours. With technology, this has become way more plausible since a lot of work can be done remotely through computers, especially if workers are at home all the time. In the past, most of the time 'always on' would consist of responding to phone calls and such from your boss/colleagues, and perhaps physically going to work during off-hours. Now, you can respond to phone calls/texts but then easily jump on a computer and complete a task. 

I think there are a lot of positives in being 'always on', but I may be a little bias because I can very well be considered a workaholic. There are definitely advantages in productivity if workers are spending some time during their off-hours contributing to their own work, or doing any kind of work for the company. Ethically speaking, I think 'always on' is a discussion that would require a close look at company policy as well, so it may be according to case by case basis. Generally speaking though, I think if there is consent between the company/manager and the worker, as well as clear expectations and boundaries, an 'always on' mentality is ethical to have. In this week's presentation, the main points that I discuss are the following: 'always on' provides: more flexibility which can lead to more productivity and creativity, increases in prepardeness and the ability to extend deadlines, allows for more reactiveness during emergencies, and can allow people to work with others in different time zones/other shifts.


Links to the references I used are in the pdf of the slides.
