Online piracy is an issue that creators have been dealing with for a long time now. Most of the time, when we think of online piracy we are thinking of the different ways that people are able to access movies, TV, video games, music and sometimes software by illegal means so that they can avoid paying for the product legally. There are generally a multiple ways to achieve this effect -- going onto an illegal streaming website to watch a movie or TV show, or downloading/torrenting a copy of it to watch on your own device. I had a few main points in argument against online piracy, the points being: 1. pirating has a negative financial impact on creators, 2. pirating supports hosts of illegal content and 3. pirating violates other laws/agreements. 

For the most part the largest argument for this topic is going to be the first point about the potential negataive impact on the original creators of the content. It can be argued that not every single person who pirates a piece of media is going to be willing to pay for it legally, but even then, if even a small percentage of pirates bought the product legally, it could be a very large increase in revenue for the original creators. The same logic from the subway fare hoppers that we have discussed previously this semester can be applied here. It's also important for companies to get good and accurate figures using their monetization to see how successful a product/project is -- it could either lead to more future projects or the cancellation of one, so piracy has an influence on not only the work as it is, but potential future works. 

As for the other two points, its good to build awareness that pirating often supports criminals, who may be involved in more criminal activity. Just by using their sites and giving them traffic, you are helping to support them (either finanically if you have ads load on their website, or supporting them through giving their site clicks and increasing their popularity). You may never know if the hosts of these sites are involved in other awful acts, such as spreading/influencing hate and racism online, distributing illegal documents/child pornography/etc. Aside from supporting these criminals, it is also possible that by pirating content, you may be increasing the spread of spoilerse (for movies, TV, video games, etc.). In the worse case, pirating something that has been censored by your government could lead to extreme consequences, as it was probably censored/banned for a reason.


The main source that was used was: https://www.verimatrix.com/blog/online-piracy-why-anti-piracy-measures-are-essential/   
The other source I had was: https://www.creativefuture.org/whats-wrong-with-piracy/
