There is a big debate on whether or not using an adblock on your personal computer to avoid ads is ethical or not. It seems like a very simple argument, but there are many facets to consider when it comes to adblock. The way adblocks actually work is by filtering data that is sent to your personal computer -- you should have the ability to modify that to your own discretion. It's the same as having emails go straight into your junk/spam folder, or by turning off the TV during an ad break and turning it back on afterwards (or even simply muting it and going into a different room for the duration). Nobody forces you to read all your junk emails or watch TV commercials, and there definitely isn't anybody forcing you to look at billboarad ads when you're driving, so why should users be forced to look at ads on the internet?

Another downside from ads are how intrusive they can be for a user's experience. There are online ads that make pop-ups on your browser, play loud/annoying sounds, promote fake news, inapparopriate content, and sometimes even make navigating a website more difficult. It stands to reason that we should be allowed to avoid these things when browsing the internet, as they are annoyances that directly impact individuals. If we take it a step further, these intrusive ads could also cost more bandwidth and use up more of your devices batteries. They could also be an annoyance during extreme situations/emergencies, such as being forced to watch a YouTube ad when you have seconds to spare on learning how to do something in order to help yourself or someone around you (in which case, the ads could literally endanger another human being.) With adblocks, these issues are all avoided and users would have a much more pleasant experience.

Adblocks are also important for safety concerns. Malicious ads could be out to scam you for money or maybe have malware (also called malvertising) which would directly affect someone's wellbeing/personal device. Adblocks would certainly prevent this from happening. It makes much more sense to install an adblock, especially for those who are older and/or less tech savvy, so that it is harder for scammers to try and get money from them. I would definitely install adblock on a grandmother's computer rather than one day find out that they bought $500 om gift cards and sent the codes to some scammer. The last bit about safety concerns is that adblocks can sometimes make your web browsing more anonymous, as it prevents trackers. This maintains your privacy and would be good practice to have.

In the end, adblocks are legal to use, so users shouldn't feel bad for using it. If a person really wants to support a website financially, they can always whitelist the site on the adblock software. The conversation on whether or not companies should bar users from their service if they use adblock, however, is an entirely separate conversation which I think could work as another ethicacy topic.
