This weeks weekly ethicacy is about disruption innovation, in the context of ride services like Uber and Lyft, against traditional taxi services. These services are considered part of the wave of "disruption innovation" because they've gotten around regulations by not being a traditional taxi/cab service, but instead a ridershare service where drivers act as independent contractors. Traditional taxi services require the driver to purchase a medallion and buy/rent a taxi cab vehicle, which they can then use to provide the driving service. These are high costs and some taxi drivers work full-time in an effort to make a living (but also pay off the high costs assoicated with starting the job in the first place). Ridershare apps like Uber take advantage by avoiding all of this, and also by providing the ability for pretty much anyone with a vehicle on the road, the ability to provide the service of being a driver.

The ethical question here, of course, is whether or not it is ethical for these ridershare services to exist when they are taking ridership away from taxi drivers, who make their living through the traditional service. Some of these drivers may find it more difficult to make a living, and may even be pushed to do other kinds of work because of this. Overall, my stance is that the wide spread benefits to consumers as a result of ridershare apps like Uber bring about enough utility for consumers and also drives innovataion to the forefront, making Uber/Lyft ethical. In short they provide: better services for consumers, a lower barrier of entry for drivers, and better utilization of technology. 
